JIGNESH M DUSARA Address: “PITRU-CHHAYA”,

Shiv Drashty Park B/25,

Rail Nagar main road,

Rajkot-360001, Gujarat.

Phone: +91-966*******

Email: adqwjf@r.postjobfree.com

SUMMARY

Around 7+ Years of extensive experience in Accounting, MIS, and PF related compliances.

Time management skills.

Organization and prioritization skills.

Accuracy and attention to details.

Problem analysis, use of judgment and ability to solve problems efficiently. CAREER OBJECTIVE

Seeking a new position to utilize my skills and abilities especially in the field of Account and Finance, that offers me professional growth while being resourceful, innovative, and flexible. EMPLOYMENT SUMMARY

COMPANY NAME POSITION TYPE DURATION

LG Electronics (India) Pvt. Ltd. Permanent (Accounts cum MIS Coordinator) 2 Years & 1 Month Ishan Netsol Pvt. Ltd. Permanent (Executive Finance) 2 Years & 8 Months Vodafone Mobile Service Limited Permanent (Sales Coordinator) 1 Year & 1 Month Plushest Communication Pvt. Ltd. Permanent (Sr. Account Executive) 1 Year & 2 Months Version Systems Pvt. Ltd. Permanent (Operative Executive) 1 Year & 9 Months – Till Date EDUCATIONAL QUALIFICATIONS

Degree Institute / University Specialization Year Percentage M.B.A. Barkatullah University, Bhopal Finance Oct-2010 68% B.B.A. Saurashtra University, Rajkot Marketing Mar-2008 58% H.S.C. Gujarat Higher Secondary Education Board Commerce Mar-2005 61% S.S.C. Gujarat Secondary Education Board - Mar-2003 50% ELECTIVE SUBJECTS

Finance

International Business

COMPUTER LITERACY

Microsoft Office (Word, Excel, PowerPoint, Outlook)

Tally (ERP9)

Internet Browsing

2

WORKING EXPERIENCE

Company Name: Version Systems Pvt. Ltd.

Designation: Operation Executive

Duration: 26-Apr-2018 – Till Date

Monthly KRA & KPI:

Monthly Contribution Working PF & Superannuation.

Monthly E-Return Submission to EPFO (Form 4PS, 5PS, 6PS, 7PS, Break-in Service, International Worker Return)

New Joinee Details (For UAN Creation / UAN Linking)

Monthly ECR working and online submission on EPFO portal.

PF Settlement Payment, Loan Disbursement, PF Transfer-in & PF Transfer-out working.

Superannuation Settlement Payment, SA Transfer-in, SA Transfer-out.

Gratuity Settlement Payment, SA Transfer-in, SA Transfer-out.

Monthly TDS Deduction working & Payment.

Monthly MIS Working and submission to Trustees

MIS Preparation for Quarterly for Board of trustees.

Daily Bank Reconciliation.

Timely Resolution to Member’s query regarding PF Withdrawal and Transfer and other related problems.

Submission of Form 11, form 2, 10C, 10D, form 13 to the respective body

Other Routine work as and when required by client Company Name: Plushest Communication Pvt. Ltd.

Designation: Sr. Accounts Executive

Duration: 01-Sep-2017 – 31-Oct-2018

Key Responsibilities:

Partner’s Day to day Billing of Broadband and Lease line Clients.

Voucher entry in Tally (Receipt, Payment, Contra, Service, Purchase, Journal).

Purchase of bandwidth (Airtel, Idea, Vodafone, TATA)

Monthly commission working for all Franchise

Commission working of Franchise partner and payment for the same for the respective month.

Payment To vendor, and other exp.

Monthly Statutory reporting to Tax Consultant as and when required.

Booking of Sales order and purchase order into system.

Bank reconciliation and other bank liaison work.

Handling Patty Cash

MIS reporting (AR Ageing Report, Collection Report, fund flow Projection) 3

Company Name: Vodafone Mobile Service Limited

Designation: Sales Coordinator

Duration: 26-Jul-2016 – 15-Aug-2017

Key Responsibilities:

Daily MIS Reporting to

Monthly MIS (Target, Site dist, Other)

Monthly Closing Report to Zonal Head.

Other back end work.

Company Name: Ishan Netsol Pvt. Ltd.

Designation: Executive Finance

Duration: 07-Nov-2013 – 25-Jul-2016

Key Responsibilities:

Day to day Billing of Broadband user on behalf of franchise.

Voucher entry in Tally (Receipt, Payment, Contra, Service, Purchase, Journal)

Monthly commission working for all Franchise partners.

Issuance of Commission to Franchise partners on the basis of revenue generated.

Proper and accurate filing of all bills and expense vouchers singed by HOD.

Independently handling Broadband Franchise Business.

Booking of Sales order and purchase order into system.

Bank reconciliation.

Preparing monthly and quarterly MIS report as and when required By Management. Company Name: LG Electronics (India) Pvt. Ltd.

Designation: Accounts cum MIS Coordinator

Duration: 07-Sep-2011 – 31-Oct-2013

Key Responsibilities:

Preparation & maintenance of the daily reports, & monthly MIS, & reporting to the business head

Preparation & also maintenance of quarterly and half yearly MIS, &reporting to management.

Submission of daily and monthly as well quarterly MIS reports to the business as well other departments.

Providing reports to the various department s of the branch to help managers in taking informed strategic decisions.

Analysis and preparation of monthly summary to BM and AMs’

Assist in preparation of monthly forecast for the business.

With MIs reporting work, also punching of orders to the trade partners as per Pos’ and informed from AMs’ requirements.

Reporting of order punching status to AMs’ and BM through SMS and mailing.

Responsible for the launching of new SPGM to trade partners as per past repots and reporting to AMs’ and BM as well BAM.

Proper coordination to AMs’ with flexible in nature and with mutual understanding.

Preparing AR Aging report on Daily basis.

Regular follow up for RTGS Amount from concerned parties.

Ensuring regular collection from parties through RTGS/NEFT on daily basis. 4

Updating Sales PGM scheme circular received from Parties.

Expense processing.

Processing of vendor invoices.

Processing of employees’ expense claims.

Ensuring accuracy of payments against compliance channels such as purchase orders.

Ensuring all exp. Are booked into accurate General Ledger Accounts.

Ensuring all exp. Are booked within agreed COA’s and payment terms.

Payments of utilities.

Adherence to filing and document management as per record management policies.

Bank reconciliation (System Generated).

Processing payment batch thrice in a month as per HO guidelines. PERSONAL DETAILS

Father’s Name: Mr. Maganlal Dusara

Date of Birth: 22nd Sep 1988

Marital Status: Single

Gender: Male

Nationality: Indian

Languages known: English, Hindi, Gujarati

Hobbies: Play Cricket, Listening Music, Net Surfing, Exercises I hereby declare that the information given 