KUSHAL PATEL
Personal Data
Date of Birth:
Address:
Phone:
email:
Linkedin Id:
18 th June, 1996
B/403 Sagar Sangeet Heights, Sola, Ahmedabad, Gujarat
+91 8401547060
patelkushal96@gmail.com
https://www.linkedin.com/in/patel-kushal/
Career Objectives
Machine Learning and data science enthusiast with experience of executing data-driven so-
lutions of real world problems. Looking to use my Machine learning and data science knowl-
edge to manage statistical machine learning and data-related solutions.
Education
2017-2019 Master of Technology in Structural Engineering
Indian Institute of Technology, Madras
Gpa: 9.11/10
2013-2017 Bachelor of Engineering in Civil Engineering
Vishwakarma Government Engineering College, Gandhinagar
Gpa: 7.76/10
2013 Intermediate in Science
M.B.Patel Gyanjyot High School, Ahmedabad
Percentage: 74/100
2011 Matriculation
M.B.Patel Gyanjyot High School, Ahmedabad
Percentage: 89.4/100
Work Experience
Aug 2019 - Present
Infinite Civil Solutions PVT. LTD
Senior Engineer
Developed design sheet calculations using VBA and Python
Structure design and co-ordination with other departments
Academic Experience
July 2019 Machine Learning - Introduction
Udacity Nanodegree Program
May 2020 Deep Learning
Udacity Nanodegree Program
July 2020 Data scietist
Udacity Nanodegree ProgramProjects
Finding Donors for CharityML
Trained a model that accurately predicts whether an individual makes more than $50,000. This sort of
task can arise in a non-profit setting, where organizations survive on donations.
Prepared the data to use it for modelling which includes transforming Skewed Continuous Features,
Normalizing numerical features, separating features from target labels, adding dummy variables for
computation of predictive models and many other data pre-processing steps.
Trained various supervised learning models on the data and compared each of the model performance
using different techniques.
Image Classifier Project
Trained an image classifier to recognize different species of flowers using deep learning.
Used a pre-trained network to reduce the training time.
Applied image pre-processing to reduce the noise and to improve an image data features.
Used train model for predictions.
Identify Customer Segments
The main aim is to identify facets of the population that are most likely to be purchasers of their products.
Converted the data into usable form by applying data analysis and data cleaning.
Applied dimensionality reduction techniques to identify relationships between variables in the dataset
which result in the creation of a new set of variables that account for those correlations.
Adopted an unsupervised learning techniques to organize the general population into clusters.
Used those clusters to see which of them comprise the main user base for the company.
Predicting Bike-Sharing Patterns
Trained a multi-layer neural network to predict the number of bike-share users on a given day.
Prepared data for modelling by scaling numerical features, one hot encoding of categorical features.
Tuned Hyper-parameters such as number of iterations, learning rate, hidden nodes in such a way that
training loss and validation loss are less than 0.09 and 0.18 respectively.
Showed a good result in predicting daily bike rentals on normal days, but not so good on special days
due to less yearly data in training set.
Dog Breed Classifier
Trained an image classifier using pre-trained resnet50 architecture to classify dog breed with an accuracy
of 89 %
Applied image pre-processing to reduce noise and improve image data features.
Generate TV Scripts
Trained an RNN model with LSTM on Seinfeld TV scripts to generate fake TV scripts.
Tokenized punctuations and created dictionaries from word to index and index to word.
Created Embedding layer, LSTM layer and Linear layer sequentially to predict the most probable next
word.
Generate Faces
Trained a Deep Convolutional Generative Adversarial Network (DCGAN) model on a dataset of faces to
generate new images of fake human faces that look as realistic as possible.
Because of biased samples, generated images are lighter in shade, even the brown faces are bit lighter
and Samples with sunglasses lead to some strange effects in the generated image.Courses and Certificates
NPTEL
NPTEL
Coursera
Coursera
Coursera
Coursera
Coursera
Coursera
Coursera
Coursera
Data Science for Engineers
Machine Learning for Engineering and Science Applications
Programming for Everybody (Getting Started with Python)
Python Data Structures
Python for Data Science, AI and Development
Data Analysis with Python
Neural Networks and Deep Learning
Improving Deep Neural Networks
Convolutional Neural Networks
Sequence Models
Achievements
April 2019
April 2017
Feb 2017
Honoured with gold-medal in Data Science for Engineers NPTEL course
Runner up in “OPEN HOUSE’17” (A State Level Project Competition) held at
VGEC, Ahmedabad, Gujarat
Runner up in “QUISTRUC’17” (A State Level Quiz Competition) held at
CHARUSAT, Changa, Gujarat
Computer Skills
Language:
Software:
Libraries:
C, Python, sql
matlab
Numpy, Pandas, Scikit-Learn, Matplotlib, seaborn, PyTorch
Languages
English:
Gujarati:
Hindi:
Full professional proficiency
Native or bilingual proficiency
Native or bilingual proficiency
Interests and Activities
Listening Music, Watching Cricket